iox-#743 Update integration test readme (#1181)
eclipse-iceoryx/iceoryx: iceoryx_integrationtest/Readme.md

> # Iceoryx Integrationtests

Reviewer: @dkroenke @FerdinandSpitzschnueffler @MatthiasKillat It might be a good idea to include this on [iceoryx.io](https://iceoryx.io.). What do you think? Integration tests are for me ASPICE SWE.6 corresponding to a feature of iceoryx. We could extend the document and mention this.

Reviewer 2: They are mainly (all?) derived from examples and these are on iceoryx.io I think. From this point of view the integrationtests could be added as well.

But it is no must-have in my book.

Author: @mossmaurice @MatthiasKillat Not part of this PR, since this is the validation of the readme. But I added it to #743.

## Introduction

To ensure quality standards in iceoryx, we are using automated testing to ensure ISO26262 on unit test and integration

> test level in the respective components. Additionally, we need to make sure that the customer-facing API is functional

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
test level of the respective components. Additionally, we need to make sure that the customer-facing API is functional
```

and software integration specifications are fulfilled. Test focus is here on SWE.5 according to ASPICE.

For that purpose we bring in tests which simulate customer behavior to have automatic testing of (Mis)Use-cases.
As testing framework we use the [launch_testing](https://github.com/ros2/launch/tree/master/launch_testing) framework from ROS 2.
The tests are stored in a ROS 2 CMake package where the test executables are built and launched/tested by python scripts.
In these scripts the testing is currently done by evaluating the stdout output of the processes and the exit codes.

Advantages:

- automatic test if processes have exited unexpectedly
- test against custom or error return codes to evaluate error-cases
- test the order of printed messages

Limitations:

- testing against stdout is error prone
- limited functionality for performance testing because the stdout is buffered (messages could be reordered)

## Setup

> For building and executing the tests you need to have ROS 2 installed. Please follow the instructions on <https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/Installation.html>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build and execute the tests you need to have ROS 2 installed. Please follow the instructions on <https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/Installation.html>.
```

## Test Build and Execution

Go into your iceoryx_workspace folder and do the colcon build:

```bash
colcon build
```

> Expected output should be like this: `Summary: 21 packages finished [31.7s]`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The expected output should be like this: `Summary: 21 packages finished [31.7s]`
```

Colcon automatically creates the folders `build`, `install` and `log`.

**_NOTE:_** Please make sure that the build folder in src/iceoryx is not present to avoid conflicts with the
colcon build.

For executing tests you can use colcon too:

```bash
source install/setup.bash # your install directory created by colcon
colcon test --packages-select iceoryx_integrationtest
```

In case a test fails, the output looks like this

```bash
--- stderr: iceoryx_integrationtest
Errors while running CTest
---
Finished <<< iceoryx_integrationtest [4min 50s] [ with test failures ]

Summary: 1 package finished [4min 50s]
  1 package had stderr output: iceoryx_integrationtest
  1 package had test failures: iceoryx_integrationtest
```

> For observing test logs in an error case you can use `colcon test-result`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use `colcon test-result` to obtain test logs in an error case:
```

```bash
colcon test-result --all --verbose
```

> With colcon all tests in the iceoryx_integrationtest package are executed. In particular cases you want to execute only

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With colcon all tests in the iceoryx_integrationtest package are executed. In particular cases you may want to execute only
```
